.Explain the differ b/w JDK, JRE, JVM. 
 JDK : 
Java Development Kit is a software development environment that includes JRE and development tools. It's 
used to create Java applications and applets. JDK includes tools like a compiler, debugger, and documentation generator. 
JRE : 
Java Runtime Environment is a set of software tools that provides a runtime environment for running other 
software. It's used to run Java applications. JRE contains class libraries, supporting files, and the JVM. 
JVM : 
Java Virtual Machine is the foundation of Java programming language and ensures the program's Java source 
code will be platform-agnostic. It's used to run Java bytecode. JVM is included in both JDK and JRE, and Java programs won't run without it. 

What is a variable in Java?
A variable is a named storage location in memory that holds a value. 
The value stored in a variable can be changed during program execution, subject to its data type and access modifiers

What are the two main types of data types in Java?
Java has two categories of data types:
Primitive Data Types: These are predefined, built-in types that store raw values directly in memory (e.g., int, boolean). 
They have fixed sizes and do not have associated methods.
Non-Primitive (Reference) Data Types: 
These are user-defined or built-in classes that store references (memory addresses) to objects. Examples include String, Array, Class, and Interface.
 They can have methods associated with them.
 
 What is Git?	Git is an open-source, distributed version control system (DVCS) used for tracking changes in source code during software development.
What is GitHub?	GitHub is a web-based hosting service that provides a platform for Git repositories,
 offering collaboration features like issue tracking, project management, and code review via pull requests.
Difference between Git and GitHub?	Git is the local tool (software) for version control, while 
GitHub is a cloud-based service/platform that hosts Git repositories and facilitates team collaboration.
What is a repository?	A repository (repo) is a storage space that contains all the project files,
 their entire history, and metadata. It includes the hidden .git directory.
What is the staging area (Index)?	The staging area is an intermediate area where you can review and format changes before committing them.
 The git add command is used to move files to this area.
What is a commit?	A commit is a snapshot of your project at a specific point in time, serving as a save point in your project's history.
What is a merge conflict?	A conflict occurs when Git cannot automatically resolve differences in code between two branches
 (e.g., the same line in a file was modified differently in separate branches).
What is branching?	Branching allows developers to diverge from the main line of development to work on new features or bug 
fixes in isolation without affecting the main codebase's stability.
Common Git Commands and Usage
git init: Initializes a new Git repository in the current directory.
git clone [url]: Creates a local copy of an existing remote repository.
git status: Shows the status of changes as untracked, modified, or staged.
git add [file]: Adds changes to the staging area. git add . stages all modified and new files.
git commit -m "[message]": Records the staged snapshots permanently in the commit history with a descriptive message.
git push: Uploads local branch commits to the remote repository.
git pull: Fetches changes from a remote repository and merges them into the current branch (combines git fetch and git merge).
git fetch: Downloads objects and refs from a remote repository without merging them into the current working files.
git checkout [branch-name]: Switches to a different branch. In newer Git versions, git switch [branch-name] can be used.
git merge [branch-name]: Integrates changes from the specified branch into the current branch, creating a merge commit.
git branch -d [branch-name]: Deletes a local branch